c:\users\ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\users\ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
c:\users\ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\users\ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
c:\users\ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
c:\users\ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
c:\users\ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\bin\Debug\NewSeleniumProject.dll
c:\users\ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\bin\Debug\NewSeleniumProject.pdb
c:\users\ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\obj\Debug\NewSeleniumProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\obj\Debug\NewSeleniumProject.dll
c:\users\ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\obj\Debug\NewSeleniumProject.pdb
C:\Users\Ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\bin\Debug\RelevantCodes.ExtentReports.dll
C:\Users\Ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\bin\Debug\TatAutomationFramework.Common.dll
C:\Users\Ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\bin\Debug\TatAutomationFramework.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\Users\Ernest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewSeleniumProject\NewSeleniumProject\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
